Our application is up and running successfully inside of our cluster, which is fantastic.
But as I've mentioned several times in the last couple of videos, making changes to our code base right
now is a real pain.
So you might recall looking at this diagram, these are the steps that we go through any time we want
to change the image that is used by a deployment.
So we've been saying that to really change the code running inside of our pods, we had to make an update
to our code.
We had to rebuild the image, push it to Docker Hub and then run a command.
This is a total nightmare.
To have to do that would result in a very, very unpleasant development process.
Now, it is still important for you to understand this process right here, because this is how we're
going to eventually deploy code in a production style environment.
It's still important for you to understand this, but in a development environment, clearly this is
not a very great approach.
So when we are developing code actively inside of a Kubernetes cluster, we are going to instead use
a tool called scaffold.
Scaffold is a command line tool that we're going to use to automatically do a lot of different tasks
in our Kubernetes dev environment.
Specifically, you can use scaffold in a production environment, but for you and I really just going
to focus on using it in development.
The number one thing that we are interested in with Scaffold is that it makes it super easy to update
code in a running pot.
It's essentially just as quickly as if we were not using Kubernetes at all.
The other really great thing about scaffold is that it makes it very easy for us to create and delete
all the different objects that are tied to some project very, very quickly.
And that's really important.
If we start working between multiple different Kubernetes projects, when you're running a cluster on
your local machine, there is just one cluster.
So if you start to work between different projects, maybe right now you're working on this application
in this course, maybe tomorrow you're going to be working on another tutorial or a production app.
Who knows?
You're going to be want to be able to change between these different sets of objects very quickly,
and you can do that very quickly using scaffold.
All right.
So best way to understand scaffold is, of course, to use it.
So let's just go ahead and install this thing and get a better idea of what is going on.
The homepage for scaffold is scaffold dev.
So inside of a new browser tab, I will go to scaffold dev.
Once here you will see a link on the left hand side that says Git Scaffold.
So we'll click on that and then you'll see installation directions on here for Linux, Mac OS and Windows.
The Windows installation directions are assuming that you have chocolaty already installed.
If you do not have chocolate or if you don't know what it is, I encourage you to do a google search
of chocolate.
Make sure you get it installed on your local system.
If you follow the Mac OS install directions, this is assuming that you have homebrew installed as well.
And of course if you don't have homebrew installed again, do a quick google search.
Install a homebrew.
So go ahead and follow the directions for your appropriate operating system.
In just about every case, it's going to be a pretty simple install one command for Mac OS, one for
Windows, and just a handful of commands if you're on Linux.
So go ahead and get that all set up.
We'll come to get back together in the next video and we'll start to use Scaffold inside of our project.